Welcome to ReTouch!
Developed by: Abrar Attia, Susan Fayez, and Mediha Munim

Getting Started:

To compile and run ReTouch, cd to the src folder from the command prompt and enter
make start. This will run the program and open the Selection Page.

Lesson Selection:

On the Selection Page, you will be prompted to select a lesson. Each lesson has a different
area of focus. They are as follows:

all: Focuses on full English words.
asdf: Focuses on the left home keys.
cnsnts: Focuses on consonants.
hjkl: Focuses on the right home keys.
vowels: Focuses on vowels.

Select the area in which you would like to practise your typing skills and press start.

Lesson:

Once you have selected a lesson, you will be redirected to the Lesson Page. As soon as it
loads, the timer will begin and you may begin typing the text on the screen. As you go
along, the text you have correctly completed will turn from black to gray. If you make
a mistake, a message will flash on the screen telling you to hit backspace. The mistake and
any text you type in after will be highlighted in red. When you reach the end of a line, you
must press enter, a message will pop up on the screen informing you of this. If you have 
made mistakes and you reach the end of a line, you will not be allowed to continue to the
next line without going back and correcting your mistake. Similarly, when you reach the end
of the lesson, you must hit enter to complete it and stop the timer. If you have mistakes on 
the final line, will not be permitted to complete the lesson until you have corrected them.
If at any point during the lesson, you wish to stop and try a different lesson, there is
a button at the bottom of the screen allowing you to do so.

Results:

Once you hit enter to complete your lesson, you will be redirected to the Results page
and stats on your characters per minute, accuracy, and time will be displayed to you.
These are also displayed to you during the lesson in the top bar of the page. If you 
wish to complete another lesson, press the button prompting you to do so.

Thank you for supporting ReTouch!! :)

WARNING: Extended use of this application may cause strain on the eyes and hands. Please
use responsibly and take appropriate breaks.